# AnswersForQuestions

## Answer for 1st Question:
I’ll write about two projects. 
The technical project I’m most proud of is islerburada.com. It was a job search engine. It was the project I technically matured. I and my business partner developed it from zero to production. We used a microservice architecture. We wrote unit tests. We did code reviewing. We had serverside build and deployment. The code was clean. It didn’t have an impact businesswise, because at the time we planned to look for investment, we were out of patience and faith. But it had a big impact on my technical skills. It was the technically the best project I ever worked for. 
The second project I’m most proud of is non-technical. I started a women’s developer group in Turkey and I’m leading it with other women in the community. I started a blog called women developer (in Turkish - www.kadinyazilimci.com). I invited ten senior women developers, and the blog turned into a community in a short time. We write blog posts, go to universities for technical and motivational talks, we open stands at software conferences, we have a Twitter account with over two thousand five hundred followers, we maintain an email list with over five hundred participants and we recently organized several Django Girls events. You can read our only English blog post here. http://www.kadinyazilimci.com/en/make-a-difference-through-differences/ I met tens of women developers through this organization, and the idea of having an impact on people’s lives is a big source of joy for me and makes me very proud.  
